# My personal website

## FAQ

### Who you are?

I'm Wilman Barrios a full-stack developer.

### Where are you from?

I'm from Puerto La Cruz, Venezuela.

### In what kind of projects have you worked?

I'm worked on a varied of projects large administrative, selling/buying
application, and most recently in an app that helps manage content on the
internet, connecting with multiple RRSS for example Google, Facebook, and
Twitter, gathering metrics to build performance reports

### What technologies are you specialized in?

I mostly work with Laravel on the backend and recently I have been exploring
Node.js as an alternative, with technologies like Remix in a serverless
architecture using Netlify and Vercel.

I like working with modern technologies such as Vue.js and React in the
frontend.

For the styles I love working with Tailwind CSS, is always my way to go.

### What was your most recent project about?

My most recent project was an app that helps marketers manage content on the
internet. We connect to different RRSS and analytics sites using external APIs,
to gather metadata of the content. With this information, we generate
performance reports to help with the analysis.

### What technologies were used in your last project?

We used Laravel on the backend, in the frontend we used Vue.js through
Inertia.js, as primary DB MySQL was used and all were deployed on AWS.

### What was your most important and satisfying experience?

Recently I worked in Contegy, an app that helps marketers to manage content on
RRSS.

In this project, we used new technologies to create the best experience for
end-users. Also, connect with several platforms such as Google to access
Analytics and Youtube, Meta to access Facebook and Instagram, Twitter, and many
more. We also make connections with Zappier, Trello, and Asana to further
increase the range of what the app can do with different workflows

### What motivated you to become a programmer?

When I was a kid, I wanted to be a Lawyer because I was impressed with how the
Lawyer dressed, and the fact that always were in suits, because of that I wanted
to be a Lawyer.

Years later, the first computer came into my life, that was love at first sight
immediately I wanted to know how a computer works I wanted to know everything
there was to know about computers.

Later I go to college to study System Engineer, and with this a learned about
programming.

### What technologies you would like to work with?

I would like to work with

- Go
- Rust
- Solid.js
